could we have a summer rally Frank
Holmes joins us gold game film on the
road on his home turf San Antonio Frank
thanks so much for joining us the town
of the Alamo absolutely so Frank we were
talking and you were saying we could
possibly see a summer rally for gold
it's a big week for gold we have the Fed
we have the grease story weighing on the
metal as well let's talk about what's
happening with gold well Merrill Lynch
has come with a great report and in that
report they looked the past 27 years 25
out of the 27 gold is bottom between
mid-june and mid July and goes through a
big rally so mathematically odds favor
that were in that trough period
interesting so we seem to be stuck in
this range right now 1180 1190 what
would it take to break out of it Frank
Oh some type of an event of the rates
not going to rise in the u.s. until much
later in the year and if that happens
rates rise in Europe and they don't rise
in the u.s. it'll be a dollar factor but
i think the sleeper is india and
consumption in india will continue to be
robust we were commenting about silver
as a consumption of silver strong i
think that the gdp in in india is turned
is very constructive and rising gdp per
capita inch india is very very important
right silver had a good month of May up
three percent due to demand coming out
of India is a India shifting more
towards silver away from gold Frank no I
don't think so i think there's also
tight demand for silver for solar panels
and there's been so many solar deals so
they're improving the crystal technology
making electrical energy much more
efficient coming from the Sun but I they
need a lot of silver all right let's
talk about the two news items that could
be game changers you mentioned that the
Fed even if we do see a rate hike in
September as most analysts are hinting
what would be the repercussions for the
metal Frank well as right now it's
estimated fifty two percent believe
we're going to get a rate hike and we'll
see how that unfolds but I think what's
important is it depends what the dollar
does and the inverse relationship is so
important to recognize but what happened
to Europe is that we had a big rally in
the Europe because bonds rose in Germany
and and that made the Euro more
attracted to the dollar but i think that
the gdp per inch india is important
but so is China and every time is bad
news out of China there's some
stimulation taking place and that's
what's key to see the gdp per capita
rising in those two countries because
they love gold all right Greece will we
see a resolution no I think Greece is
totally dysfunctional I think it'll have
a reason for a spike in gold but I think
it's only a matter of time before they
leave they just don't have the reform
like Spain Spain's creating jobs fame
has great p.m. is because they went
through a lot of reform well that's
really the question you know first
grease then who's next well I think it's
who doesn't reform is next and that's
the key factor on that note your
touchdown pass of the week Frank is will
be yelling on Wednesday and see what
happens with the team Yellin for the Fed
comments regarding interest rates I
think that would be very significant all
eyes will be fixated on on her comments
I'm so happy I caught you here in San
Antonio Frank thanks so much I just
really think it's fantastic you're in
san antonio we love being here and we'll
have more coverage here from the ipmi
conference throughout the week thanks
for watching